If I have one quality
it's never making a single spelling mistake
False!
People who write well, who don't make spelling mistakes
they really like shaming you by reading and correcting what you've written
"vegtables", you missed an "e" in "VegEtables"
er...soup...
you... you wrote "souppppp" with 5 'P's !
Thank God for keyboards
every time I make a mistake, I use the same excuse
No, I think it's just a typo
I can't use this excuse when I write by hand
No, it's just a penning mistake
Ok, so it's fine making fun of people who make spelling mistakes, it's fair game
EXCEPT in one case where it's absolutely forbidden
Oh wow, it's full of mistakes, you can't even write man!
Yeah, but I have dyslexia
Sorry, I didn't mean that. I respect you and your family.
I'm dyslexic
Honestly, I've heard that so many times it feels like everyone's dyslexic
Slow down with the dyslexia thing
It seems like if you're dyslexic, you can use it anytime you need a free pass
You can't even lift the bookcase
Hey, I'm dyslexic, 'k?
What's weird, it's that the word "dyslexia" which describes a disability linked to spelling
is itself the hardest word in the world to spell!
Peeps with dyslexia probably never managed to spell their disability once
on the other hand AIDS is much easier, I mean...
Ok I make mistakes myself but on difficult words
however, I'd just like to mention a mistake that we see all the time
the guys who spell "wats up?"
Guys, just learn it once. It's not hard it's with "what's"
That's it, then you know it for life. Then you're good, you don't have to learn it again.
It's like texting
There are people who write like they text, but not just when they text: all the time.
Common, imagine if everyone did that! In a few years, it would be a mess!
The French President, Francois Hollande
assuming his presidential function this morning by telling the press
"All is Gr8"
Ok, so maybe this sentence will be legend one day
or maybe not, probably just a really lame legend.
When I manage to finally memorize the spelling of a word
it's not because I read it in a book
It's always thanks to really bad mnemonics
Err.. Does 'Welcome" take an E at the end?
Sure
Ah! I see Monsieur is well read!
Not at all, I just have a mat with "Welcome"on it
I see.
Hey, just in case...
You wouldn't have a mat with "Consequently" on it at home?
No? Ok.
So if I make spelling mistakes and I don't have dyslexia, what's up with me?
Well, it just means you're dumb.
Ah, perfect.
There's a growing number of you guys following my Facebook page "Norman fait des videos. Thanks a lot!